Wallet metadata retrieval and selection page (#941)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/credential-issuance-low-level.rst

To invoke the correct Wallet Instance, they need to know which Wallet Instance is installed on the User's device and the User wishes to use. This information SHOULD be obtained using the Selection Page described in :ref:`functionalities:User Experience Design`. 

- If the Selection Page is supported, the User selects the Wallet, and then the Credential Issuer or third party retrieves the Wallet metadata as described in :ref:`wallet-metadata-retrieval:Wallet Metadata Retrieval Flow`. The Wallet Instance invocation mechanism depends on the ``credential_offer_endpoint`` parameter in the Wallet metadata:
  
  - If ``credential_offer_endpoint`` is available and contains an HTTPS URL (Universal Link), the Credential Issuer or third party SHOULD use that endpoint.
  - Otherwise, the Credential Issuer or third party MUST use one of the custom URL schemes: ``openid-credential-offer://`` (as defined in Section 4 of [`OpenID4VCI`_]) or ``haip-vci://`` (as defined in Section 4.2 of [`OPENID4VC-HAIP`_]). The Wallet Instance MUST support both custom URL schemes.

> - If the Selection Page is not supported or the retrieval of the Wallet metadata fails, the Credential Issuer or third party will directly invoke the Wallet Instance using the custom URL scheme (see previous item).

Author: ```suggestion
- In the case when the the Credential Issuer or third party does not support the Selection Page, or the retrieval of the Wallet metadata may fail for some reason, the the Credential Issuer or third party invokes the Wallet Instance using the custom URL scheme described above.
```
